Moonbeam/network description (#197)
PureStake/moonbeam-docs: learn/platform/networks/overview.md

## Moonriver {: #moonriver } 

In advance of deploying to the Polkadot MainNet, [Moonbeam launched Moonriver](https://moonbeam.network/announcements/moonriver-launch-kusama/) as a parachain on the Kusama network. The parachain functionality is live on Kusama.

> Moonriver will offer parachain-related functionalities such as [XCMP](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-crosschain) and [SPREE](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-spree) on Moonriver as those features become available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moonriver will offer parachain-related functionalities such as [XCMP](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-crosschain) and [SPREE](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-spree) as these features become available.
```

[Learn more about Moonriver](/learn/platform/networks/moonriver/).

## Moonbeam {: #moonbeam } 

The Moonbeam production MainNet is a a parachain on Polkadot since December 17th 2021. Moonbeam feature the highest levels of security and availability. Code running on the MainNet is generally have been vetted through one or more of the other networks listed above.

> Moonbeam will offer parachain-related functionalities such as [XCMP](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-crosschain) and [SPREE](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-spree) on Moonbeam as those features become available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moonbeam will offer parachain-related functionalities such as [XCMP](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-crosschain) and [SPREE](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-spree) as these features become available.
```
